Check Duplicate AD Computers===PowerShell script that will query an AD forest for duplicate computers. This is useful in large, distributed single-forest, multi-domain environments running Windows Server 2012 R2 DCs to prevent issues with duplicate HOSTNAME\shortname SPN values on machines. Since the SPN is always registered via the shortname, the intent is to run the script prior to naming a new machine to confirm that the name will be valid in the environment.Running---As input the script requires the desired computer name you want to check. This can be passed either via the **-ComputerName** parameter at the command line, or if no parameters are given the user will be prompted. The script requires a local GC to be present within your AD site for the sake of efficiency, which should be the case in a large, distributed environment. If a GC is not found or if connectivity to the GC fails, the script will exit. Based on the domain of the machine the script is run from and that the user is a part of, the script will automatically use DNS and AD site information to determine the local GC for optimal performance.Requirements---The machine running the script *must* be domain joined. Likewise, it must be run with a domain user account, as only authenticated users will have permission to query the Global Catalog. Since this is all based on the AD PowerShell module, that must be installed on the machine as well; it is available via the RSAT package for your Windows OS of choice.Output---If the machine name is not found in the forest, the user will be notified that the desired name is available. If the name *is* found, the user will receive a notice that the name is taken. The domain(s) that house that name - and multiple are possible if the joins were all done prior to the additional of Server 2012 R2 domain controllers - will also be displayed.